if it isn't the wild stallions
when your wives suggested couples
therapy do you think
this is what they had in mind definitely
i mean we're a couple of couples right
bill ted enough of the delusions you
didn't time travel
and you didn't go to heaven and hell
here's a real idea for you be role
models to your daughters
get real jobs
[Music]
bill we've spent our whole life trying
to reunite the world
and i'm tired dude dad we have a destiny
to fulfill
greetings my excellent friends we have a
problem
step forward a song created by preston
logan
perform tonight we'll save reality as we
know it
oh dude we better write that song now
or why can't we just go to the future
when we have written it
take it from ourselves except won't that
be stealing
cheers how is that stealing
if we're stealing it from ourselves dude
[Music]
dude our dads are totally in trouble
should help him out
[Applause]
no way how's it going billy
ted we're putting together your most
extraordinary band
hey you want to be in our band
oh this is your fantastic
we're gonna go talk to death is he
playing scotch
by himself dude he's cheating hey death
life it isn't a wild stallion
let's rock
[Music]
excellent to each other and party on
dudes
[Music]
how are you doing well you know we're
dead and we're in hell
but how you doing
[Music]